That's him!
I didn't pay it off.
I said why did you suddenly lend me money to the hotel for an acre?
The meal is here, so I want to eat the Overlord meal
No no no
Just settle the bill
Otherwise I call the newspaper and make a profit
Lu Jingjing, hurry up and check out.
Go to the police station
You are not ashamed, we are ashamed
Gu Qingqing, if you really don't have cash to pay
Just take this dress on you to offset the bill.
After all, a limited edition of more than 1 million
Selling a second hand is worth the meal
If you don't want to wear this dress
For the sake of our acquaintance
You can stay with me for one night, you dream
Since you are so noble and refuse to accompany me
Then take off your clothes to pay off the debt
You go and give me his clothes
Is the manager
Don't you dare
What do I see who dares